## Game Notes (TODO) ##

color sequence:
blue, indigo, red, purple, orange, green, yellow

Edra (blue) -- 2010s free-spirit
Ophelia (indigo) -- 2120s ambassador
Merek (red) -- medieval knight
Rhode (purple) -- medieval witch
Arden (orange) -- 2010s accountant
Meredith (green) -- 2010s office worker
Stanley (yellow) -- 2120s security personnel

Groups:

2110s:      Ophelia, Stanley
2010s:      Edra, Arden, Meredith
MiddleAges: Merek, Rhode

Lore:

Magic Users:
  Ophelia, Edra, Rhode
Mage Hunters:
  Stanley, Meredith, Merek
Bystanders:
  Arden

Throughout history magic users have been hunted. Each of the
groups of people died suddenly due to these conflicts. In
the middle ages, Merek confronted Rhode and she slew him but
not before he inflicted a fatal wound. As she lay dying, she
cursed mage hunters and beseeched the Dark God of sorcery,
Xeltat, for revenge.

Xeltat was listening. He made The Island--an extradimensional
space where the souls of mage hunters would go. There, he
would siphon off their soul energy to feed himself. However,
the Dark God of Sorcerery exacted a price. He would include
as payment for this service the souls of those slain by the
mage hunters as well.

In the middle ages, Merek, a holy warrior of the Order of the
Griffin, finally tracked down Rhode, the witch, to her lair.
There they did battle. They were both killed and Rhode started
the curse.

In the 2010s, Edra, the sorcerer, finally convinced his
uptight brother to go for a road trip in his hotrod.
Unbeknownst to Edra, he was being tracked by an agent of the
Order of the Griffin named Meredith. She followed them on 
their trip and attacked while on a stretch of lonely highway.
Their magical battle destroyed both vehicles, trapping them
all, including the innocent bystander Arden, on The Island.

In the 2120s, Stanley, an agent of the Order of the Griffin,
worked as a security guard. He knew that one of the
ambassadors was a mage. Eventually, he discovered it was
Ophelia. He ambushed her in her office but in the battle he
was cursed. He succeeded in killing her but he lived only
another 6 months as the curse slowly killed him. Eventually,
they were both transported to The Island.

Many more throughout history have been transported here. And
indeed, the player is one of them. The player is a wizard, 
slain by an agent of the Order of the Griffin in their own
time. Both died in the battle and were sent to The Island.

* Add rite